[Music]
eleven ways marriage changes a man's
life forever
almost every bachelor finally faces the
end of his carefree single life Oh some
things from those days bring nostalgia
and many happy memories and some things
have to be forgotten forever
here are some epic changes that occur
after a man is found is one and only
salary when a man is single let's say
here it's about $1,200 per month his
lovely girlfriend earns for example $800
they get married and the wife gets
$2,000 per month that's fair the family
is a shared budget the husband is left
with zilch zero
doesn't that sound fair man love is
priceless that's what my wife keeps
telling me sleeping when you're a
bachelor you've got the bed all to
yourself just for you and only you the
moment you get married you're not alone
anymore there and the funniest thing is
you really love it yeah you do
[Applause]
vehicle as a bachelor you have a
supercool buy again a super cool girl
speed and adrenaline are above all when
you get married you still have your
super cool girl and bike but now it's
safety first your bike it's still cool
just in a different way
fridge here's a typical bachelors fridge
but you don't need much food at home
because you usually prefer eating
outside a fridge of a married man looks
more like this I have no idea what some
of those bottles are for but I love what
ends up on my plate luggage the travel
is a bachelor all you need is a
toothbrush and a passport ready to go
when you're married all you need is
patience and strength no matter how far
you go you're always full of stuff
work out as a bachelor to stay in shape
you need to do 10 reps with weights 40
squats 50 pushups and jog every morning
that's it and welcome to married life
all you need to stay fit is shopping
twice a week car look at a bachelor's
car now that's an impressive car but to
be honest I think this one looks cooler
that guy somehow managed to pack
everything on the roof it's not magic
it's called married weekend as a
bachelor on the weekend you meet your
mates and do whatever you want no rules
and no limits the place you go most
often when you have a family is a zoo
ironically you actually want to go there
sometimes you enjoy it even more than
your kids dinner unusual bachelors
dinner looks like this literally every
day let me show me your nice pizza box
collection right you get married and
Tata look at that table wouldn't love
being married huh
bathroom well what else does a bachelor
need to stay perfect
I guess that's enough these days my wife
says I'm not supposed to touch all these
bottles in our bathroom whatever I don't
even know what's inside them favorite TV
programs when I was single I used to
watch soccer every weekend these days I
watch cartoons with my son every evening
you know what I really love cartoons
it doesn't have you enjoyed this video
then hit that thumbs up button and if
you're visiting our channel for the very
first time click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life